[electric guitar
instrumental building]
♪
♪ In my heart is a valley ♪
♪ The meek
Should be exalted ♪
♪ I will walk through
This valley ♪
♪ My steps seem to falter ♪
♪ In my heart is a valley ♪
♪ The meek
Should be exalted ♪
♪ I will walk
Through this valley ♪
♪ My steps seem to falter ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Men from the west came ♪
♪ Money on their mind ♪
♪ For the blood of Sir John ♪
♪ They would murder his kind ♪
♪ Men from the west came ♪
♪ Money on their mind ♪
♪ For the blood of Sir John ♪
♪ They would murder his kind ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪
♪ Aa-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪
♪ There's a new crop
To Fellin'♪
♪ John Barleycorn
Is ours now ♪
♪ There's a tale
In the telling ♪
♪ John Barleycorn
Must die now ♪
♪
♪ There's a new crop
To Fellin'♪
♪ John Barleycorn
Is ours now ♪
♪ There's a tale
In the telling ♪
♪ John Barleycorn
Must die now ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪
♪ Aa-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ The season to destroy you ♪
♪ Comes year after year ♪
♪ It's the same blind machine ♪
♪ Taking ear after ear ♪
♪
♪ The season to destroy you ♪
♪ Comes year after year ♪
♪ It's the same blind machine ♪
♪ Taking ear after ear ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪
[car door clicks]
Where was it?
Oh, Christ.
It's not like it's still hidden.
You're as bad
as your brother.
-It's needs to know.
-Twat.
[car door shuts]
[Mike] You're a mess.
Never said
it was formal.
Just don't soil
the leather, yeah?
[car engine rumbling]
So how d'you knew
we can trust these guys?
Because they're professionals.
Yeah,
professional criminals, man.
Yeah, exactly,
they've got, you know,
reputations to consider.
Score is, um...
one of them words...
multi, uh,
many meanings.
You know?
Like, "What's the score?"
Could be
a football score.
a film score.
Crime.
The big score.
"What's going down?
What's happening?"
Drugs, music, sex.
"Did you
score last night?"
Oh, scored with
a blinder pal.
Revenge.
"I got
a score to settle."
What score?
No, it's a meaning.
Oh.
[buttons beeping]
[different
radio stations playing]
♪ My love came to find me ♪
♪ I was laying in the dark
She said ♪
♪ There's a land where
The sun is always shining ♪
♪ And the desert
Flowers bloom ♪
♪ There's a town where
They won't know your name ♪
♪ And they can
Sing your tune ♪
[Troy increasing volume]
Really?
[upbeat guitar music]
♪
[Mike stopping music]
[Troy] If we do this regular,
that's gonna add up nice.
Say we double
our money each time,
that's expinential.
Do you know expinential?
It's like,
one, two, four...
eight, sixteen.
It's a curve like this.
Shhwoop!
16, 32, 64...
[Troy speaking indistinctly]
Now, suppose
one is a thousand.
That tops a mil.
In like, nine steps.
And we got
20k in that bag.
So, that's 20 mil.
[Mike clicking tongue]
[Troy] Go on then.
Ten mil.
Dare to dream, Mikey.
Expinential.
Ex-po-nential.
English not so good
as the maths, yeah?
I got in an A
in English once, man.
My mum nearly
had a heart attack.
Said, "Why can't
you do that every time?"
Got more grief then
than I did
when I came home
with loads of Fs.
-Mind you, I was only--
-Earphones.
Good pair
of noise canceling earphones.
It's 10 mil, Mikey.
You can get
a lot more than that for--
Oh.
Yeah, but it'll do you
no good, man.
Can't drive
with earphones in.
-Illegal, innit?
-Yeah, you're right.
The illegality
would trouble me.
♪ All that I have
Is a river ♪
♪ The river
Is always my home ♪
♪ Lord take me away ♪
♪ For I just cannot stay ♪
♪ Or I'll sink
In my skin and my bones ♪
[Troy] You don't get more
out of it that way, by the way.
You do
shit your way
and I'll do
shit mine, okay?
Everybody's happy.
What the fuck
are you doing?
[Troy] Doing shit my way.
Now everyone's happy.
[Mike whispering] Fucking hell.
Do not leave
that car, all right?
Eyes wide
for any dodgy shit.
[bell chiming]
♪ Please help me
Build a small boat ♪
[paper crinkling]
♪ One that'll
Ride on the flow ♪
♪ Where the river runs deep ♪
♪ And the larger fish creep ♪
♪ Oh I'm glad
Of what keeps me afloat ♪
[car engine rumbling]
♪ I am here
I am here ♪
♪ To announce the journey ♪
♪ And make it blessed ♪
♪ We are here
We are here ♪
♪ To return to our mother ♪
[wrapping paper crinkling]
-[Mike] A bag.
-Uh, bags are 5p.
[music bleeding from earphones]
Where's your toilet?
Uh, toilets
are not really for customers.
So,
it's just around the corner.
[upbeat percussion music]
[woman singing indistinctly]
♪
[shop clerk grunting]
No calls,
or I'll come back
and rip off
your arm like this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[Mike] What
the fuck are you doing?
Get in. Get in, get in.
Do I know you?
[grunting]
I don't know you.
So, what happened?
Well?
The one at the pump...
he was filling up,
and then...
he came round,
-the other one got out.
-And then they went for you?
Yeah.
Well, no.
Not-- not exactly.
I mean, I didn't
wait for that, you know?
'Cause I mean,
he got out.
It's a--
it's a petrol station.
People get out.
I got out.
You got out. What--
Then what happened?
Bloody hell, Troy.
Did you just
demolish two blokes
for moving
in the wrong fucking direction?
Oh, hello.
Yeah. Oh.
You've had a call.
They found your brain.
They want you
to go and pick it up.
Don't do that, man.
I'm not stupid.
Oh, no,
"I'm not stupid.
I got an A
in English once."
-That was for Shakespeare.
-Fucking frame it.
Shakespeare's tough.
[Mike beeping horn]
You do not stop,
do you?
If the only way
to shut you up
was to blow up the--
the whole fucking world,
nuclear holocaust,
give me the button.
All right,
this is me blowing up
the whole fucking world.
I think you might be
slightly overreacting, man.
[Mike beeping horn repeatedly]
[dramatic rock music]
[Mike] Nearly there.
Get ready.
[Troy] What if
they got guns?
[Mike] If they
got guns, move fast.
You're always
telling me how fast you are.
[Troy] You know
the speed of a bullet?
[Mike] No.
Me neither.
But I'm not that fast.
You disappoint me.
In that case,
try and die gracefully.
[car door slams]
We're not
bringing the money?
You think
we're doing this inside?
I don't know.
[soft music]
[Troy] Why'd you
pick this place, man?
[Mike] I didn't.
They did.
[indistinct music on speaker]
It's like a morgue.
There's even a corpse.
[Mike] Do you
know why you're here?
-[Troy] Yeah.
-[Mike] No, you don't.
You ever
sleep with a girl
just 'cause
you felt sorry for her?
That's you, that is.
The pity fuck.
Piss off, man.
I'm here in Derek's place.
Yeah, he's the one
that pity fucked you,
your own brother.
Incestuous pity fuck.
That's low as it gets.
Me, I wouldn't snog you
for a million quid.
That's your loss, man.
On both counts.
Wait here
and don't talk to anyone.
♪
Do you want something
or are you just looking?
-It doesn't look eatable.
-Edible.
What?
[Gloria]
The word is edible.
Oh yeah,
I know the word.
You just choose
not to use it.
Must be a poet.
Yeah.
What are you after,
Shakespeare?
Black coffee.
Three shots.
Mmm. Tough guy.
Methinks.
-Anything else?
-[Troy] Yeah.
-What's this look?
-This look?
[Troy] Yeah.
-Pointillist.
-[Troy] What?
-Abstract expressionist.
-That's not a thing, is it?
Naïve.
What about you?
Cubist.
[Gloria laughing]
That's actually not bad.
[Mike] Oi.
Is that your boss?
He's not my boss.
I don't have a boss.
But you're gonna do
what he said though, right?
♪ All I have is a river ♪
[Mike] I told you to stay here.
[Troy] You didn't say stay at
the table. It's not like I left.
♪ The river is always my home ♪
And don't talk to anyone.
We're low profile, you get it?
It's not table service.
[Troy] What, so we sit here
and don't order anything?
How low profile
is that?
Find out anything?
[Mike] They've been held up.
[coffee machine whirring]
[glass clinking]
It's not table service,
Shakespeare.
I'll have one and all.
[Gloria] Still not
table service.
You brought his.
Yeah, well,
he's a poet.
[Mike scoffing] Him?
[laughing] Christ.
[Mike] Cappuccino.
Are you deaf?
Yeah.
Are you discriminating?
Nice.
-You're in there.
-Piss off.
She's cute, if she wasn't
done up like a freak.
You're a match
made in heaven.
Cute freak heaven.
[coffee machine whirring]
♪
-So, what's the plan then?
-What?
Oh right, yeah, um...
well, uh,
-they'll come in.
-Mm-hmm.
They'll check us out,
we'll check them out,
and go outside together,
and then um,
that's where
the um, the handover...
What's the fucking point?
Perfect.
♪
[waves splashing]
[seagulls calling]
[rhythmic bass thumping]
♪ I am born in the reeds ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm an
Idea of magnitude ♪
♪ Giving birth to itself ♪
♪ Ad infinitum ♪
♪ I am Jefferson's torch ♪
♪ In a bright
Stellar majesty ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning
Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ Yes I'm burning ♪
♪ For thee ♪
♪ We were measured
in the dark ♪
♪ By a timetabled tragedy ♪
♪ There's a real
Turn of heads in disaster ♪
♪ Now I'm fire in the well ♪
♪ That politicians
Gave to ruin ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning
Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ Yes I'm burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning
Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ For thee ♪
♪ River run
Run, run, run ♪
♪ River through me ♪
♪ Through the mud
Mud, mud, mud ♪ ♪
♪ Let me feel
Let me feel ♪
♪ Let me feel you ♪
[upbeat orchestral instrumental]
♪
♪ River run, run, run ♪
♪ Run, run
River through me ♪
♪ Through the mud
Mud, mud, mud ♪
♪ Let me feel
Let me feel ♪
♪ Let me feel you ♪
♪
♪ Now come out
From your cups ♪
♪ Find your love
In the doorways ♪
♪ Have a care to fill
The vessel of your heart ♪
♪ Hold me tight
Through the storms ♪
♪ Feel the winds of
revolution ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning
Oh he's burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning
Yes she's burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning ♪
[all singing]
♪ Yes she's burning ♪
♪ Yes he's burning ♪
♪ Oh I'm burning ♪
♪ For thee ♪
♪
Cappuccino.
Thanks.
Hand delivered,
despite normal procedure
and unpaid for, both of them.
-Pay the girl.
-Lady.
-Really?
-You better believe it.
Pay the lady, Troy.
Troy.
-Keep the change.
-Flash.
There is no change.
Right.
Do I still
keep the change?
Yeah.
[Mike chuckling]
What is
this crap on top?
Chocolate, cappuccino
it's a default ingredient.
-Everyone knows that, man.
-You don't even know
what default means.
Most people ask.
All right, we're done here.
Go burn some toast.
Freak.
Fucking hell.
[Gloria] Home time, Frank.
See you tomorrow.
[vehicle engine rumbling]
Fuck me, can't be.
-[Troy] What? What's up?
-It's them blokes you beat up.
-[Troy] What? Where?
-Don't let them see you.
Come on.
Oh. Come on.
So sorry, Frank.
[door creaking]
[upbeat Spanish guitar music]
[Gloria]
It's not table service.
[Mike] Empty bloody room,
he goes and sits in my fucking--
I'm not hiding
from those sausages, man.
[Mike] Then what, Boy Wonder,
we hang out, tell a few gags,
reminisce about that time
you beat the shit out of them?
-What if it's them?
-[Mike] Who?
The ones we're waiting for.
It's not.
-How d'you know?
-Can't be.
Shit. Our--
Our guys
wouldn't let a kid jump them.
I'm fast, man.
It could be.
[Mike] All right.
It's ringing.
They're not moving.
♪
Oh, yeah.
It's me, uh, again.
Just checking something.
Um, no, it's fine.
Just, we had
a little situation.
Just wait
for the all clear, all right?
See now they'll take us
for a pair of fools.
They haven't even
met you yet.
[whispering] Fuck's sake.
-[Mike sighing]
-What do we do now?
We need
these two losers to clear off.
Oh, thank Christ.
Back. Get back, get back!
Get back!
[Mike] Fuck it. Go, go, go.
[Troy whispering]
What if the--
Wait. We're in the gent's.
[Mike whispering]
Why didn't he use the ladies'
like anyone else would?
Some people
aren't like that, man.
[man grunts]
Your day is about
to get a whole lot worse.
Bet you didn't think
that could happen.
[men speaking indistinctly]
[car engine rumbling]
[guitar music
playing on speaker]
[glasses clinking]
-What are you doing?
-I want some food.
What's going on?
I'm hungry.
What are you doing
to my customers?
They paid, didn't they?
What kind of
name is Troy?
-[Troy] It's classic.
-You mean classical.
You like to tell people
what they mean, don't you?
Do you want something?
-What's the special?
-There is no special.
What you see
is what you get.
-No special?
-No special.
And people waiting.
[wrappers crinkling]
-Is that it?
-[Troy] And the special.
-There is no special.
-You're pretty special.
Wow. [chuckling]
Did you
just say that?
No, he did.
[high pitched voice]
You're pretty special.
-Keep the change?
-Don't push your luck.
[Gloria] Why not?
It's the only way
you get anything.
[Gloria exhaling]
Jesus.
Does your head move
in any other direction?
She's playing you, man.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I like it.
[cash register beeping]
What are you
so stressed about?
[cash register dinging]
[man] Thank you.
[Mike sighing]
Up 'til now...
we're nobodies,
me and Derek.
As for you-- [snickering]
I'm a nobodies gopher.
Exactly. Well put.
So, I'm sick of being
the guy in the shit
that other people
step on to get ahead.
Derek gets locked up.
What's he got
to show for it?
A few grand covered in dirt?
Sod that.
What's your point, man?
That. That's my point.
[Mike clicking tongue]
Forget it. Just--
I wanted that out there.
[Troy] Fair enough.
[phone ringing]
[Mike] Yeah, what's--
what's keeping you?
[footsteps retreating]
[suspenseful guitar music]
Seen enough?
You--
you have
the interesting face.
-Someone else said beautiful.
-Beauty? [scoffing]
Beauty is [blowing air].
May I?
-[Troy] What for?
-[man] To--
to make the art.
Maybe one day you...
wake up and...
see your face in a...
in a book.
Or in a poster.
Just like that.
The fate redeemed.
[man chuckling softly]
Bravo.
You pay me?
[chuckles]
Why for I pay you?
Maybe you pay me?
Because
I offer you immortality.
What's the price
of that?
Well, I don't want that.
-Who wants to live forever?
-I'm thinking everyone.
[Mike] Who's this?
-He wants to take my photo.
-[Mike] What for?
-The art.
-Piss off.
This--
this is
your friend's decision I think.
You can think what you like,
mate, but piss off.
Okay.
[Mike] Keeping
a low profile, are you?
Oh, yeah,
it's not enough
that you
beat up some blokes,
and now
you want your photo taken.
Leave a fucking
calling card why don't you?
[Troy] So, where are they?
-Who?
-The blokes we're waiting for.
How do I know?
You were just talking to them.
No, couldn't get through.
They rang you.
-What?
-Your phone rang, man.
You weren't calling out.
They called you.
[upbeat piano music]
[Mike] Oh, that was nothing.
Thought you said
it was a burner phone.
So?
So, no one else
has the number.
[machine whirring]
What the fuck is this?
-[Troy] I'm just saying.
-Well don't say.
Just eat your food
and be ready, shit.
[man singing indistinctly]
Look, I gave the school
this number, right?
'Cause Angel's
not been well
and Sal's
out of town.
What's wrong with Angel?
Shingles.
-[Troy] Shingles?
-Yeah.
Shingles
is stones on a beach.
What are you,
a geologist?
♪
[Troy] Well,
if the school calls,
you can hardly
go pick her up.
No shit, Sherlock.
Then I call my mom.
It's not table service.
[piano playing]
♪
She shouldn't be at school
if she's still contagious.
Fuck.
[piano music stops]
The quarantine period
is over, right?
-So, she can go, yeah?
-Why don't you just
give your mom's number
in the first place?
[Mike] Piss off. Go on.
I've had it. That's it.
Just, if you hear
a car, come back.
'Til then,
go have your mugshot taken,
or go
chat up the freak.
No, no, no.
In fact, leave.
Fuck.
[relaxing piano music]
♪
[music stops]
[birds chirping]
How long
have you been there?
It's my break.
Do you mind?
No.
Could you...
be a bit
more enthusiastic?
[Gloria chuckling]
Give us a push.
[swing squeaking]
Fight with the boss?
[Troy]
He's not my boss.
Oh. Lovers tiff.
-[Gloria laughing]
-Funny.
He has the air of
a women beater.
He'd hit anyone,
to be fair.
He's equal opportunities.
Oh. Very modern.
Sussed him last week
when he was in.
Him?
Are you sure?
[Gloria] Yeah.
You don't forget
a face like that.
Trust me, you try.
What are you
doing with him?
We came for
a drive in the country.
Sweet.
[swing squeaking]
I don't know your name.
You never asked.
-Well?
-Fine, thanks.
[Gloria giggling]
You like
to make a man work.
Only the ones
who are used to having it easy.
You think that's me?
Some things come easy.
Maybe not
the ones you think.
What is it?
Gloria.
It works.
Gee, thank you.
[giggling]
Sharp, aren't you, Gloria?
Yeah. Don't cut yourself.
[laughing]
I like your smile.
That's not a line.
It's a line.
But I'll bite.
[upbeat orchestral instrumental]
[laughter]
♪ You know I'm with you
Through the misty ♪
♪ With you now ♪
♪ Across the mountain
With you ♪
♪ And a long time
With you, faith ♪
♪ You know I'm with you ♪
♪ And the lonely with you ♪
♪ In the road ♪
♪ With you
In the nighttime ♪
In the daytime ♪
♪ With you and the sunrays
Kiss you all while ♪
♪ Always miss you ♪
♪ Yes I'll always ♪
♪
[birds chirping]
What are you
doing here, Gloria?
Waiting for
something better to come along.
-[Troy] You can't wait.
-Huh.
Take it.
Whatever it is
you want.
What if
it belongs to someone else?
-[Troy] You use force.
-Hmm.
Is that
what you do?
Where I'm from,
it's the done thing.
Move.
Moving's easy.
Shit gets stuck
on your shoes.
Move farther,
change shoes.
-After you.
-[Gloria softly chuckling]
[melancholic strings music]
Sounds easy, right?
Just put one foot
in front of the other.
Yeah.
♪
Hiya, it's me. Listen.
Um, I'm thinking...
I've been thinking...
like...
we can do this
without hurting him.
Did you just laugh?
All right, forget it.
No, no.
Forget it.
As planned. Yeah.
As planned. Right.
The love.
Ineffable.
Here we go.
Please.
May I
make art of
great and tragic beauty?
[Troy] I thought
you said beauty was--
[blows air]
[man laughing]
Everything is like this, no?
Except for art.
And what's it for?
-He wants to make you immortal.
-Yeah?
[man] And also
eternally youthful.
Oh, you had me
at immortal.
[man] No, no, no, no, no.
On its own.
Bad mistake.
Tiresias. ♪ Horrible.
Hold on,
you didn't tell me that.
You did not want it.
Negotiations are defunct.
You permit?
[Gloria sucks in air]
And also, for you...
I take a precious
capture of the moment.
[camera clicking]
♪ Howl for my homeland ♪
♪ Wherever that was ♪
♪ Howl for the homage ♪
♪ That's been gone and lost ♪
♪ To the passing
And temporal ♪
♪ The aeons gone by ♪
♪ There's nothing to praise ♪
♪ Not in earth, sea, or sky ♪
♪ All was holy's been shot ♪
♪ And in flying too low ♪
♪ The rest will
Soon follow ♪
♪ The rest will soon go ♪
♪ Stay in the light Joe ♪
♪ Stay with yourself ♪
♪ Put up a fight
Don't rest on the shelf ♪
-[Gloria laughing]
-[man] Please. I am invisible.
Act as nature intended.
Be your destiny.
What a nut.
Do you have a good side?
I'm not all bad.
No, I mean
for the camera.
[camera clicking]
Oh. I don't know.
Do you permit?
-Hmm.
-[Troy] Hmm?
[both humming]
Both sides ming.
-[laughing]
-What? He said beautiful.
He said, "interesting".
-It's rude to eavesdrop.
-It's rude to lie.
Okay, show me
what you got.
[camera clicking]
♪ Growl
At the pedestal ♪
♪ Growl at the pinch ♪
♪ The lies of the pots ♪
♪ Has broken the winch ♪
♪ Oh, the legacy's gone ♪
♪ And the people who knew ♪
♪ Have lost their minds
Or left, there's a few ♪
♪ Who are choking on what ♪
♪ And the will to hold on ♪
♪ With their principles
Pinned ♪
♪ To the cords of a bomb ♪
♪ Stay in the light Joe ♪
♪ Stay with yourself ♪
♪ Put up a fight Joe ♪
♪ Don't rest on the shelf ♪
[cymbals crashing loudly]
[anticipatory ethereal music]
[camera shutter clicking]
♪
♪ Me and the teardrop ♪
♪ Me and the mountain ♪
♪ Oh me and the cheque ♪
♪ And to meet my accountant ♪
♪ Oh me and the wolf ♪
♪ Who has eaten my heart ♪
♪ And me and my friends ♪
♪ Who laugh in the dark ♪
♪ Oh and you and yours two ♪
♪ And you and yours three ♪
♪ And you and yours ever ♪
♪ And ever be free ♪
♪ Stay in the light Joe ♪
♪ Stay with yourself ♪
♪ Put up a fight Joe ♪
♪ Don't rest on the shelf ♪
[phone ringing]
Oh, sorry.
-[Gloria] Hello?
-[camera clicking]
Thank you.
[softly] Yeah, I'm still here.
Now you live forever...
like it or not.
[door slamming]
[Mike] Oi. Cindy Crawford.
Stop arsing about.
Get back here.
[Troy sighing]
-You said to wait 'til--
-You're an embarrassment.
Proposed yet?
No.
I'd have
to ask her dad first.
Very proper.
Oh, he'd be chuffed
to get you for a son-in-law.
And why wouldn't he be?
'Cause you got shit for brains
and shit for prospects.
No one's
good enough for a dad.
Not even the best.
As for you--
Give it a rest, Mike.
[Mike] Mind you,
he'd probably be delighted
to get shot
of that freak.
[dishes clanging]
Fuck off, man.
Fuck off. [Troy panting]
[calm orchestral music]
-Next time you--
-Next time, nothing.
[chair creaking on floor]
♪
Christ.
It is love.
[Gloria speaking indistinctly]
You might be right.
Maybe she won't want it.
What I have.
The girls around us...
the girls we know...
the people we know...
she's not like them.
She's different.
Oh. No, no, no.
She only looks different.
[Mike clicking tongue]
They're all the same.
Money. [chuckling]
Cash, money.
[Mike drums on table]
Just you wait,
she'll want it.
You were here
last week, man.
What of it?
I thought
they picked the place.
They did.
So, I came
to scope it out...
because
I'm not a halfwit.
Preparation, bright eyes.
Preparation.
[Gloria gasping,
speaking indistinctly]
[Mike] What's
with bridezilla?
Nothing a few grand
won't cure, eh?
[plate slides on table]
[footsteps departing]
[Gloria sniffling]
[tray clanking]
Customers aren't allowed
back here.
I'm not big on rules.
It's the poet in me.
Are you all right?
You one of those men
who can't deal with tears?
No.
I can't get
enough of them.
[Gloria exhaling sharply]
I box a bit, right?
And...
if I get punched...
and it's a good one...
and he knows
he's caught me...
I laugh.
Because if I don't,
he's going to hit me again,
and harder.
So, I give this big grin,
like I didn't feel nothing.
And he sees that...
and he knows
I'm not going down.
Like, "Screw you, pal.
Is that it?
I'm laughing."
Boxing's barbaric.
These are like,
valuable life lessons
I'm offering you,
and that's your take?
That's it.
Who is this bozo anyway?
No one.
Right.
Well, you just
remember that then.
-Mmm, okay.
-[Troy] He's no one.
-I will.
-[Troy] Exactly.
No, I will remember that,
thank you so much.
Bye. Take care now.
[door creaking]
[Gloria sighing]
[sentimental strings music
playing]
♪
♪ Time rolls
The back wheels ♪
♪ Of my mind ♪
♪ You helped me
Put the brakes on ♪
♪ Because you're kind ♪
♪ I wonder where you learned ♪
♪ To be so good ♪
♪ And I wonder if I'm doing ♪
♪ The best I could ♪
♪ I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ I should be
♪ Oh I should be ♪
♪ Someone else ♪
♪ But you wouldn't know me ♪
♪ If I was ♪
♪ You'd say I was a stranger ♪
♪ Just because ♪
♪ You'd say
I wasn't weak ♪
♪ Enough for you ♪
♪ You'd want me
Just to feel ♪
♪ As you do too ♪
♪ I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ I should be
♪ Oh, I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ But you shouldn't
Tell me ♪
♪ What to do ♪
♪ I'll only
Take the brakes off ♪
♪ If you do ♪
♪ And roll around like ♪
♪ Marbles on the floor ♪
♪ Please pick me up ♪
♪ And roll me
Out the door ♪
♪ I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ I should be
♪ Oh, I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ Oh, I should be ♪
♪ Someone else ♪
♪ I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ I should be
♪ Oh I could be
Someone else ♪
♪ Oh I should be ♪
♪ Someone else ♪
♪ But I guess
I'm happy ♪
♪ As I am ♪
♪ Sometimes
I find it hard ♪
♪ To be a man ♪
♪ Oh it's easier
Just to play ♪
♪ The same old game ♪
♪ Of trying to forget ♪
♪ My bloody name ♪
[both]
♪ Oh I could be someone else ♪
♪ Oh I should be
Someone else ♪
♪ Oh I could be
♪ Oh I should be
Someone else ♪
[car engine rumbling]
Shit.
I got to go.
I like your smile.
A lot.
[door swinging]
Safe to say that's not them.
[woman beeping horn]
[footsteps departing]
[women speaking inaudibly]
Oh, Christ.
That's all we need
is more bloody drama.
[women talking indistinctly]
[clock ticking]
[laughing]
Shit.
[Mike laughing]
Oh, I didn't see that coming.
Why is it always someone else's
pain that makes you happy?
Oh, come on, man.
That's comedy.
Rule number one.
Thought we had something.
[Mike] Aw, she's
stringing you along, man.
-Didn't I tell you?
-You know less than shit.
Whatever, lady killer.
[Troy] She's old enough
to be her mom.
She's somebody's mom.
-How do you know?
-[Mike] Kid's seat in the back.
She's got a wedding ring, too.
Wonder if the hubby
has got a clue.
Gloria's smart enough
to know better.
I don't know
anyone that smart, man.
[vehicle door shutting]
[Mike sighing] It could
be their kid, mind.
Anything goes these days.
[car engine rumbling]
Sit the fuck back down.
We got other fish to fry.
Maybe now you can get
your head out of the clouds.
[clock ticking]
[phone beeping]
[Mike blowing air]
[Mike snickering]
[suspenseful strings music
playing]
♪
[cigarette burning]
-Don't judge me.
-What?
You don't know me,
so don't judge.
I'm not.
Good.
It's not what it looks like.
Okay, it's what it looks like,
but you...
you have to
understand that...
I'm stuck.
Stuck being?
-Don't be a fucking idiot.
-[Troy] I don't know.
-And don't pigeonhole me.
-I'm not.
[Gloria] You guys
are all the fucking same.
I'm not the same.
He's the same.
I-- well, not as me.
It's the rest.
I don't care, in a good way.
I-- it doesn't matter,
is what I'm trying to say.
Only, what about me?
You?
Can you sit here?
[footsteps approaching]
So, how'd you
make this about you then?
What, in a Venn diagram?
-A what?
-A Venn diagram.
Intersecting circles
with common properties.
I thought that's what you said.
Okay. Venn diagram.
All right,
this better be good.
Um...
this is me and...
my circle of shit.
And this is you...
-and your circle--
-My circle of shit
is way bigger than that.
So is mine,
to be fair.
-I'm going to clear that up.
-Yeah.
Where the two
circles of shit...
intersect that's...
two circles
of shit overlapping.
This bit,
right here,
it's a little bit
about me.
It's about us.
[Mike] Hello? Hello?
[suspenseful strings music
playing]
Where are you?
No, no, no.
I said, no, wait there.
I said-- I said,
"left at the junction."
Oh fuck. Hold on.
I told her...
I'd expose her.
I'm blackmailing a married woman
into keeping seeing me.
Who does that?
That's why she drove over.
To stop me from telling
her husband or the school.
She was
my old French teacher.
Ooh, la, la.
Sorry.
It's just how I deal with shit.
It doesn't mean
I'm not serious.
I'm really sorry.
Go on.
Well, that's it.
Story over.
♪
What would it take for us
to go away together?
For real?
I mean, we could pretend,
but I don't know
how that would work.
[Gloria whispering] Pretend.
I live in the real world.
I don't want to swap out
one circle of shit
for another circle of shit.
How much have you got?
-Nothing.
-[Gloria laughing] No shit.
You're sweet.
But not so smart.
[melancholy
strings music playing]
What if I could get ten grand?
You'll be smarter,
but probably less sweet.
And if it's not clean?
Violence, anything that
abuses people fuck right off.
I don't want to be
hooked up with someone
who might get
locked away for years.
I want someone
with a future.
-Not a married woman with kids.
-Is that an issue?
No.
Clean slates.
Clean slates all round.
Clean slates,
dirty money.
♪
[Troy] Do you like boats?
-Do what?
-Boats.
What kind of boats?
Like the one out there.
Little sailing boat.
Something you can
take people out on.
You know, for hire.
Do you know
how to a sail a boat?
I know
how to drive a car.
[Gloria laughing]
Can't be that hard.
And on a boat, you don't
even need to stay on the road.
You got the whole sea.
Little fishing villages...
tourists,
places like Spain or Italy.
[Gloria] Hmm.
Or Greece.
I saw pictures of Greece once
in a magazine at the dentist.
-Have you never been?
-Uh-uh.
You know
they speak Greek there?
[both laughing]
Take me seriously.
Sorry.
It's how I cope with shit.
Fair play,
I see what you did there.
Yeah, you know, your name
comes from
over that way, too.
See? Destiny.
Although it didn't
end well for that Troy.
-It got sacked, didn't it?
-Yeah.
I've been sacked before, though.
It's not that bad.
[Gloria laughing]
I'm not sure
if some of the things you say
are really smart
or really stupid.
[Troy] Oh, well,
but that's my superpower.
-Okay.
-You know, keep them guessing.
Smart stupidity.
If you don't fancy Greece,
I'm...
open to suggestions.
I like boats.
I saw one
in a magazine once.
[both chuckling]
♪
[Troy] I'll handle him.
[wind rustling trees]
How's the ménage à trois?
That's French
for "you've been had".
[Troy] Yeah,
it's not like that.
[Mike]
You could have fooled me.
-That's not hard.
-Don't get smart.
-What if we only buy half?
-You what?
What if I don't
put my share in?
-Your share?
-Derek's share, my share.
Oh my Christ.
You're dumber than I thought.
And that's a low bar.
You think
you're all that, Mike.
But it's down to Derek
that you're anything.
-Fuck off.
-[Troy] You know it.
He was the man
before he went down, and you,
you were his shadow.
You know,
that's what he called you.
His shadow.
"Anyone seen
my shadow knocking about?
Where's my dopey shadow got to?"
[Mike] All right,
yeah, if he's so smart,
how come
he ends up inside?
I'll tell you how.
Because he decided
to go solo.
It was fucking shit,
his plan.
And I told him.
I told him I wanted
nothing to do with it.
But it didn't stop him
using our joint funds.
So, fuck him.
Because look
where that got him, yeah?
Yeah?
And the only
good thing he did
was stash the cash
before they got him.
So, fuck him again
for not telling me where.
[footsteps departing]
[Troy] Mike.
I still say
half that money's mine.
And what you do
with your half--
[Mike] Okay, okay.
Okay. All right.
Let's not go...
go around in circles,
all right?
[Mike exhales]
All right then.
-Is that them?
-No.
[Troy] How d'you know?
Because they told me
what to look out for.
How else are we
going to know it's them?
[Sal clicking gun]
[vehicle engine rumbling]
[engine stopping]
[vehicle doors opening
and closing]
[Gloria] Hiya.
Hi Orla.
How's school?
[paper ripping]
So, I can just take it?
[vehicle engine starting]
[Mike sighing]
Well,
you can't just piss off
and leave me hanging.
Wait until they get here.
If they say
"All right," then, okay.
If they look like
they're going to kill me, then,
you know... fair enough?
Fair enough.
[Mike blowing air]
Remember when Derek let me
sit in on that poker night?
Yeah.
You cried like a baby,
because you lost
your pocket money.
[Mike laughing]
Then you lost yours.
Yeah.
No tears, though.
No, you're all man.
Exactly.
Happy days.
Hey, Troy.
Remember when he called
you on that last hand?
-Cleared you out?
-Yeah.
Two sevens.
Who the fuck
calls on that crap?
He read you, man.
You were tearing up beer mats
all night when you bluffed.
♪
Yeah. Well,
we're not playing poker now.
♪
Lucky for you.
I need a piss.
[eerie strings music playing]
♪
♪ All that I have
Is a river ♪
♪ The river is always
My home ♪
♪ Lord take me away ♪
♪ For I just cannot stay ♪
♪ Or I'll sink in my
Skin and my bones ♪
♪ The water sustains me
Without even trying ♪
♪ The water can't drown me,
I'm done ♪
♪ With my dying ♪
[Mike opening car door]
Still having second thoughts?
Well...
Well, he's my best mate's
little brother.
It's like,
what you want?
I mean,
he like one of my own.
It's not his fault.
There's no other way.
Derek has to think
he got killed
when the deal went bad...
or he'll come for us
when he gets out.
Right.
Close the fucking door.
[Mike sighing]
You don't even
have to do it.
So...
what are you
bleating about?
[dramatic rock music playing]
♪ In the deepest,
In the dark ♪
♪ In the color of
The fox's bark ♪
♪ You'll see my hand ♪
♪ In full lit glory ♪
♪ Painted picture of
An untold story ♪
♪ In the thickets,
In the fens ♪
♪ In the marching of
A thousand men ♪
♪ The faintest whisper ♪
♪ A lovers yearning ♪
♪ The land will tell you ♪
♪ The story's burning ♪
♪ I saw life she had
Death in her lands ♪
♪ I saw the wringing ♪
♪ Of my mother's hands ♪
♪ Gloria ♪
♪ Gloria, oh! ♪
Just wait
until it's closing,
and everyone's gone,
and that girl is busy.
-I know.
-Yeah?
And make sure that she sees
that you're still inside.
And then just...
send him out.
♪
Hey, look, he's uh...
Ju-- Just mind out, yeah?
He's fast, yeah?
[Sal chuckling]
He likes to say it, but...
it's true.
Is he faster than a bullet?
[Sal opening door]
[Gloria] ♪ I'll
Be the earth, I'll be the sky ♪
♪ You be the mystery
And don't tell me why ♪
♪ Cut through disaster ♪
[Troy] ♪ Cut
Through the pines ♪
♪ I invocate you ♪
[Troy] ♪ Oh I
See the signs ♪
♪ History lies charted
And I'm coursing through ♪
♪ I'm every sunrise,
I'm the morning dew ♪
[both singing] ♪ Strangers
Bend to help me ♪
♪ Strangers stretch
And guide me ♪
♪ Some that carry omens ♪
♪ Have wandered
Right beside me ♪
♪ I saw life ♪
♪ She had death
In her lands ♪
♪ I saw the wringing ♪
♪ Of my mother's hands ♪
♪ Gloria ♪
♪ Gloria oh-eh-ow-oh! ♪
♪
[Gloria] You going to
wash your hands?
I think they're clean.
[Troy] I don't know.
It's been a while.
Forget the money.
I'll leave with you.
Just don't take any chances.
What about the real world?
Ha, sod the real world.
I lived there,
didn't rate it.
Leave the money.
It is mine.
And my brother's.
But he's got no use for it.
And he sort of owes me,
for getting me
wrapped up in all this.
And for a life thrown away.
It's not thrown away.
Not yet.
Can I kiss you?
[relaxing strings music playing]
♪
[Gloria chuckling]
I swear saw this.
When?
Before.
Always.
[Gloria chuckling]
[horn honking]
♪
[car door shutting]
[Sal breathing deeply]
Go and break
the good news.
Before I change my mind.
[Gloria chuckling]
No, mate.
No, this is--
this place is closing soon.
No. Sod it.
Forget it.
Trying to change
the deal on us.
Told them to piss off.
Should that's it then.
Yeah.
Closing up, gentlemen.
Five minutes.
So, that's it then.
Yeah.
Go and get your half.
[Troy dragging keys]
[Troy] You don't want
to come out and check?
No, I'm going to...
I'm going
to drink my coffee.
That will be cold by now.
People pay
a lot of money for cold coffee.
Go on.
Don't you want it?
He shouldn't
have hidden it.
Half of that was mine.
He had no business
keeping it from me.
That's between
you and him, man.
Let's not
go around in circles, eh?
Yeah.
Hey, I'm sorry
that this is, um...
ending like this between us.
Don't be.
Best of both worlds.
[suspenseful percussion
and acapella music playing]
♪
[vehicle beeping]
-Who's there?
-[car door thudding shut]
Come out.
♪
Are you not going to help him?
Mike.
Mike! Ambush!
What are you doing?
Don't...
it's dangerous.
Call the police.
Lock the doors.
No...
What are you doing?
Sal. Bloody hell.
-You scared the life out of me.
-Why?
20,000 reasons.
-All the same.
-What the fuck, Sal?
[bullet ricocheting]
[Mike] Ah!
[thudding]
Uh, Sal.
Look, uh,
you can take it.
All right?
I don't want it.
[Sally] What about Derek?
Tell him, uh...
tell Derek--
tell him I took it, all right?
I'm gone anyway.
[suspenseful strings music
playing]
[Sally] Mikey!
[door smashing]
Mikey, he's onto us.
♪
[gun shot cracking]
-[Troy spraying]
-[Sally] Fuck!
Gloria!
-[gun shot cracking]
-Mike!
-Don't hurt her.
[gun shot cracking]
-[Gloria heaving]
-[Mike] Ah!
[Mike thudding to ground]
[gun shot cracking]
[Troy] Gloria.
[dramatic rock music playing]
-[gun shot cracking]
-[Mike] Fuck, Sal!
-Sal, stop! Stop!
[Sally] Where is he?
[Mike] Stop, it's me!
Are you fucking crazy?
[Sally] Yes, I'm crazy!
Look what he's done to me!
Where is he?
[Mike] Stop. It's fucking empty.
Reload. Fuck.
♪
[Mike] Troy!
Troy!
♪
I'm sorry.
You've got to go.
You got to go. Just go.
I'll hold him up. Go.
Go, get out of here.
[Mike panting]
What you doing, man?
Where is she?
She's long gone.
You don't
have to do this, Mikey.
Too late for that now.
I'm going.
You'll never see me again.
I'm sorry, Troy.
You believe me, don't you?
[Troy laughing]
What are you doing?
I'm laughing.
Well, stop it.
Troy. Stop it.
I said stop it.
[Gloria & Mike grunt]
[Gloria] No, no, no, no!
Don't, don't, don't!
What? Don't be daft.
That's not me.
Come on.
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
Mike!
-♪ Ah-oh ♪
-Mike!
♪ Ah-oh ♪
♪ Ah-ah-oh-oh-oh ♪
[bushes rustling]
Mikey.
[bullets clinking on the ground]
Oh, God.
-[spray hissing]
-[Sal yelling] Fuck!
[Sally] Not again.
♪ Hallelujah ♪
[Mike] Sal. You all right?
[Sally] Not me, them.
Get them.
Turns out
I am faster than a bullet.
[gun cocking]
[gun fires]
[Mike] You all right?
No, leave it.
Leave it, leave it.
[Sal and Mike arguing
indistinctly]
[Gloria panting]
[Gloria laughing]
[Troy] You still
coming with me?
[Gloria] I'm in the car.
Someone's trying
to shoot you, though.
Hey. I'm in the car.
-Yeah.
You are.
Check the money.
Okay. Okay.
[suspenseful synthesizer music
playing]
♪
[both singing] ♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ The sea came in and
Washed me out ♪
♪ The way was
Carved in ice ♪
♪ The tokens of
A buried past ♪
♪ The shavings of
The heavy light ♪
♪ The wind blows
Each and every way ♪
♪ It's not for me,
My heart to steer ♪
♪ I cast up
What I have each day ♪
♪ The river flows
The whole long year ♪
-♪ Hard road ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
-♪ Under the night sky ♪
-♪ Keep on traveling ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Fare thee well
My love ♪
-♪ Hard road ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
-♪ Under the night sky ♪ ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪ ♪
-♪ Keep on traveling ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
What do you see?
I see the sun...
I see the sea.
I see a boat.
[laughing]
I see a lot more than--
-How much?
-Twenty.
A score?
A what?
It's another word for 20.
Among prophets and poets.
Score.
What a word.
-We did it.
-Yeah.
[upbeat, ethereal music playing]
I have something to tell you.
-There's a catch.
-You're married.
[both laughing]
No.
Today...
that was me at my best.
That was my high point.
And it's all downhill from here.
[both laughing]
Yeah.
All the way.
♪
But what a ride.
[ominous orchestral
instrumental]
♪
-♪ Hard road ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
-♪ Under the night sky ♪
-♪ Keep on traveling ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
♪ My love ♪
-♪ Hard road ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
-♪ Under the night sky ♪
-♪ Keep on traveling ♪
-♪ Ah-ah ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
♪ She knows how and
She knows when ♪
♪ She's born to die
And live again ♪
♪ She knows from ought
To build a nest ♪
♪ She knows the dance
That burns her best ♪
♪ From the ashes
Feathers shed ♪
♪ The purest sounds to
Leaden heads ♪
♪ Sung from her breast and
Bends the oak trees ♪
♪ Winged wind songs
Sung so holy ♪
♪ Hard road ♪
♪ Under the night sky ♪
♪ Keep on traveling ♪
♪ Fare thee well my love ♪
♪ Hard road ♪
♪ Under the night sky ♪
♪ Keep on traveling ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
[both singing]
♪ Hard road ♪
♪ Under the night sky ♪
♪ Keep on traveling ♪
♪ Fare thee well my love ♪
♪ Hard road ♪
♪ Under the night sky ♪
♪ Keep on traveling ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
♪
[relaxing guitar music playing]
♪ You know
I'm with you through ♪
♪ The misty ♪
♪ With you now ♪
♪ Across the mountain ♪
♪ With you and a long
Time with you babe ♪
♪ You know I'm with you ♪
♪ And the lonely with you ♪
♪ And the road ♪
♪ And with you
In the nighttime with you ♪
♪ And the daytime ♪
♪ With you and the
Sunrays kiss you ♪
♪ Oh I'll always
Miss you ♪
♪ Yes I'll always ♪
♪
♪ I'll always
See you when ♪
♪ The tall trees see you ♪
♪ I'll always be with you ♪
♪ And the wind is for you ♪
♪ And the closing door ♪
♪ You know my heart
Beats for you ♪
♪ And the shadows
Speaking words ♪
♪ Of sweet surrender ♪
♪ [indistinct] tenderly ♪
♪ To learn to let it go ♪
♪ Woo! ♪
♪
♪ You know
I'll find you when ♪
♪ The long rain
Blinds you ♪
♪ And the fair winds
Take you ♪
♪ And the whole world
Breaks you ♪
♪ And the love
[indistinct] ♪
♪ The love forsakes you ♪
♪ And you're
Standing lonely ♪
♪ Let me
Sing you something ♪
Beatbox only you ♪
♪ Let me bow down
Low to you ♪
♪ You lie down ♪
♪ Let it flow ♪
♪
♪ Chimes of beauty ♪
♪ In the cherished moonlight ♪
♪ Only wasted
In the dark ♪
♪ Initiation in the death ♪
♪ Of sunrise ♪
♪ Swimming through the
Ends of the river calls ♪
♪ Swim through the ends
The night falls ♪
♪ Swimming through the ends ♪
♪ You hold my hand ♪
♪ Swimming through
These long-forgotten lands ♪
♪
♪ Oh I roll with the waves
'Til the numbness ♪
♪ And know the sea calls ♪
♪ Your voice is my compass ♪
♪ I'm pulled out by the swell ♪
♪ Put your ear to the shell ♪
♪ You can listen
To my ocean song ♪
♪ I'm singing through
The roughest storm ♪
♪ Oh and the winds are
Whipping at the bay ♪
♪ Car licking at the quay ♪
♪ Whoa we can feel
A mustering squall ♪
♪ I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ Oh I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ And haul away ♪
♪ I can stay here ♪
♪ Swing through the seasons ♪
♪ Look for Jane ♪
♪ She questioned my reasons ♪
♪ Now look and
I'm leaving ♪
♪ These things are
Worth achieving ♪
♪ There's nets
To be shot son ♪
♪ Oh I'm wet with
The flawed son ♪
♪ Oh and the winds are
Whipping in the bay ♪
♪ Cub licking
At the quay ♪
♪ Whoa we can be
The mustering squall ♪
♪ I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ Oh I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ And haul away ♪
♪
♪ The sun sets
Bright as a furnace ♪
♪ But I'm not sure quite
When my turn is ♪
♪ I'm searching
For a landmark ♪
♪ Gazing out through
The dark ♪
♪ I need your reminding ♪
♪ That the lighthouse
Is shining ♪
♪ Oh and the winds are
Whipping at the bay ♪
♪ Cub licking
At the quay ♪ ♪
♪ Whoa we can feel
The mustering squall ♪
♪ I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ Oh I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ Oh I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ Oh I wish that
I could fly ♪
♪ So I could be
Home and dry ♪
♪ And haul away ♪
♪
[music fades]